v3.2 - xxx May xx 1993

Added color video support. This version will still receive nv 3.0 and 3.1 video
in greyscale, and will be able to transmit video compatible with 3.0 and 3.1
receivers when sending in greyscale. In order to decode a color stream (even
to display it in greyscale), you will need nv 3.2.

Additional buttons were added both to the send control panel and the receive
control panel to select between greyscale & color video. On 8-bit displays,
greyscale video will be of slightly higher resolution, because of the dithering
required to display color. If a 24-bit visual is available, however, nv will
try and take full advantage of it.

The new nv command line switch "-title" now lets you set the title of the nv
control panel window, so that you can distinguish multiple instances of nv
running on the same machine.

Also, the captured video windows have a small scrollable text area in which
you can write a small note about the captured image.

v3.1 - Wed Apr 21 1993

Added support for decoding of CUSeeMe video, when it is run through an
appropriate gateway to use the RTP header format.

Also, fixed a bug in the display of 1-bit deep images at half or quarter size.

v3.0 - Thu Mar 25 1993 -- NEW MAJOR RELEASE

No significant changes were made between 3.0beta and this release. There were
a few minor bug fixes, but mostly this should behave identically to the beta
release.

v3.0beta - Mon Mar 22 1993 -- Beta of new major release

Once again, this version of nv changes the packet format in a pretty serious
way. It is now using headers compatible with the draft RTP standard. The
compression scheme used for the video has already changed a fair amount.
While the notion of frame differencing & multiple resolutions for blocks is
still present, the details of how those are achieved is different.

On the user interface side, the control panel now includes icon-sized live
video images of each source in addition to the name. Clicking on the icon will
bring up the larger independent video window, with the pop-down control panel.

This version has now been ported to a few more platforms. In addition to the
SPARCstation and SGI Indigo, it now runs on the Sony NEWS workstation, and the
DECstation 5000 with the PIP video capture card.

Also, thanks to a switch to Tk 3.2, all nv windows now respond properly to
delete window requests from the window manager.

v2.7 - Thu Feb 18 1993

Fixed a problem in setting the initial value of the multicast TTL.

v2.6 - Wed Feb 17 1993

Fixed an initialization bug which appeared when running nv on monochrome
displays.

v2.5 - Tue Feb 16 1993 -- FIRST SOURCE RELEASE

Added support for SGI machines, including transmit support for the SGI Indigo
with entry graphics and the starter video card. Thanks go to Andrew Cherenson
at SGI for the video capture routine for that board and help in doing the port.

Added a new panel for "Conference Info", so that both transmit capable and
receive only versions of nv can see and modify the conference address info
and their local name.

Added a set of buttons to change the size of the incoming video windows. In
addition to the previously supported size, you can now make the window either
half or double that size.

Added a "-interface" command line option and X resource for multi-homed hosts,
to allow you to specify which interface to use when transmitting.

Added support for the X app-defaults environment variables such as XAPPLRESDIR,
XFILESEARCHPATH, and XUSERFILESEARCHPATH.

Worked around a TK bug which caused bogus error messages to appear on the SGI
and might have also been responsible for the "transparent window" effect seen
on the Suns.

v2.4 - Wed Feb  3 1993

Restructured much of the nv internals in preparation for ports to other
platforms. Changed the monochrome dither mask to show more grey levels.

v2.3 - Fri Jan  8 1993

Fixed a problem related to displaying video on monochrome displays.

v2.2 - Fri Jan  8 1993

Added address & port fields to the video transmit window.

Moved brightness & contrast controls, and frame rate & bandwidth status
displays to an optional panel in the receiver windows. Clicking any mouse
button in the incoming video window will toggle the panel on and off.

This new control panel also includes a "capture" button for grabbing still
frames from an incoming video stream. To make the captured windows disappear,
simply click in them.

v2.1 - Mon Dec  7 1992

Fixed a minor bug in the unicast video handling, and added support for locally
looping packets to the sender on unicast streams, so that you can always see
your own picture.

Also, fixed a minor bug in the monochrome display support.

v2.0 - Mon Dec  7 1992 -- NEW MAJOR RELEASE

This version of 'nv' uses a completely different packet format from the
previous versions of 'nv', and is not at all compatible with them, for sending
or receiving. There's now a version number field in the header, so that any
additional changes of this sort can be more properly guarded against, but in
the current case, there will be some weird interactions if you try and
intermix them. Please remove any old versions you have around.

The changes for this version include support for the full 7-bit greyscale
supplied by the VideoPix card, and a different strategy for sending low and
medium resolution data which should improve the overall picture quality when
motion occurs. Motion (or other large screen changes) will introduce blurring,
but it should be less offensive than the graininess that was introduced in
previous versions.

v1.6 - Thu Dec  3 1992

Added support for a larger window for PAL images, to capture the full sized
image and do proper square pixel correction.

Note: This change is incompatible with previous 'nv' programs. Sending and
receiving NTSC images remains fully compatible, but senders of PAL images can
now only be received with nv version 1.6.

v1.5 - Thu Nov 19 1992

Added support for capturing still images of a video window at the receiver. To
capture, click with the third button in the active window. A new window will
appear with the captured image. Clicking with the third button in the captured
window deletes it.

Fixed a bug related to checking for the -display command line argument.

v1.4 - Wed Nov 18 1992

Fixed a problem in the VideoPix initialization which caused color information
to produce some weird patterns in the grabbed image.


v1.3 - Tue Nov 17 1992

Added command line versions of all the options you could set with X resources.

Fixed the display checking code to allow for GrayScale in addition to
PseudoColor displays.

Attempted to bind to the multicast address explicitly, for hosts which have the
patched version of netinet/in_pcb.c.


v1.2 - Mon Nov 16 1992

Added a "Show receivers" box to the transmit window, which brings up a list of
all hosts that have identified themselves as watching your video stream. These
identifications are sent back via unicast to the port that the video originates
from.


v1.1 - Sat Nov 14 1992

Cleaned up a few minor cosmetic features, such as the error message that was
printed on hosts that didn't have a Videopix card. Also, fixed a bug related to
iconifying the video windows.


v1.0 - Thu Nov 12 1992

First public release.
